[Music]
if you were to discover a Bigfoot
who would you tell first my mother how
would that conversation go you think be
like mom seen a Bigfoot for 500 million
dollars would you change your name to
duty how do I change my name to doo doo
doo doo
what's it like to be admired by others
feels good feels real good
I love to have that feeling I wanted so
badly when you feel that feeling feels
good no you'll get that feeling why am i
whispering now I don't know you're
making me feel very okay we should have
a break we should have a drink this to
being admired by on your mind yeah and
to others and to others and to being
blessed and to being black that's right
so rough 1 and number 2 Ciroc amaretto
vodka the answer to all of life's
ridiculous questions the more
ridiculousness
watched Jimmy Kimmel Live weeknights
11:35